This test plan for website cross browser testing supports the following objectives:
To define the the tools to be used throughout the testing process.
To communicate to the responsible parties the items to be tested, set expectations
around schedule, and define environmental needs.
To define how the tests will be conducted.
Test Items
The systems to be tested include the frontend customer-facing website along with the back-end
e-commerce admin platform. These systems should be tested in the latest stable versions of
Chrome, FireFox, Safari, and Microsoft Edge.
The systems should be tested on both a Windows and Mac machine.
Features To Be Tested
Features to be tested include the following:
 As a shopper, logging into the website as a shopper
 As a shopper, navigating the store
As a shopper, adding items to a shopping cart
 As a shopper, removing items from a shopping cart
 As a shopper, purchasing multiple units of the same item
 As a shopper, initiating a return
 As a shopper, contacting support
 As a shopper, completing an order cycle
 As a shopper, cancelling an order
 As a shopper, leaving a review
 As an admin, granting a refund
 As an admin, fulfilling an order
 As an admin, answering a support inquiry
 As an admin, moderating reviews
 As an admin, validating in-stock/out-of-stock
Features Not To Be Tested
Mobile purchasing through a mobile device will not be tested. Only desktop web browser
functionality will be tested.
Approach
Tests will be conducted per the documented test cases stored in TestLodge. The test manager
will create test runs for each tester. The tester will execute the tests in TestLodge and mark
each case as Pass / Fail / Skip. The tester should leave notes on actual results and any other
relevant details when possible.
When tests are marked as Fail, bug reports will automatically be created in the issue tracker
integrated with TestLodge.
Once complete, the test manager should review the test run reports in TestLodge and report
back to the team accordingly.
Pass/Fail Criteria
All core functionality of the systems should function as expected and outlined in the individual
test cases. There must be no critical defects found and an end user must be able to complete a
purchase cycle successfully and initiate a refund without any errors. 95% of all test cases
should pass and no failed cases should be crucial to the end-user’s ability to use the
application.
Suspension Criteria
Testing should be paused immediately if either system experiences login issues or failure in any
basic CRUD (Create, Read, Update and Delete) actions.
Test Deliverables
Upon completion, the test run results will be saved in TestLodge and the test manager should
then run a report for all completed tests.
Testing Tasks
The following activities must be completed:
 Test plan prepared.
 Functional specifications written and delivered to the testing team
 Environment should be ready for testing (test data, test logins, test payment information,
etc).
 Perform the tests.
 Prepare test summary report.
Environmental Needs
The test site must be populated with test data including a variety of products with different
prices. Test mode should be enabled for the backend e-commerce platform.
Responsibilities
The Test Manager is responsible for facilitating the testing project, coordinating availability and
schedule of testers and training them as needed. Each tester should understand the
expectations on completion date and level of quality. The Test Manager should also
communicate any risks to the team.
Staffing And Training Needs
Testing should be done by two testers. Both testers should conduct testing on each system. The
testers assigned should have basic knowledge of the e-commerce platform.
Schedule
Testing will take place 4 weeks prior to the launch date. The first round of testing should be
completed in 1 week.
Risks And Contingencies
If the first round of testing is not completed within 1 week, it could delay bug fixes and final
testing. If this happens, UAT would be pushed back and eventual affect the launch date.
If the testers don’t have a basic understanding the e-commerce platform, testing could be
delayed or not conducted properly.
Approvals
The test manager and product manage both must agree on completion of the testing project and
determine when it’s ready to proceed to the next step